Updated workflow execution info on web ui (#2577)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-the-temporal-web-ui.md

### Recent Workflows

The main Workflows page displays a table of recent Workflow Executions.

> The Web UI will display a maximum of 1,000 Workflow Executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web UI displays a maximum of 1,000 Workflow Executions.
```

Most of the time (could be a pun) aim for present tense similar to the previous sentence.
